# Opinion-Survey
A Java program that asks users for their opinions based on several topics, while also allowing them to create their survey. In the program, the user is presented with various options to take 1 of the 3 surveys they pick. While taking the survey, the command terminal shows the inputs the user selects while going through each question. There is also an additional feature where the user can create their survey by setting up their questions and answers, as well as a thank you message they'd like to input. All surveys, including the custom-made survey, have a total of 10 questions. This project was done utilizing Eclipse IDE, as well as lecture materials. These resources ensured a stable program was made that ensured a seamless user experience while allowing them to enjoy the content this survey application offers. During the period of making the survey application, most of the errors encountered were incremental, involving small errors such as incorrect variable assignment and misspellings. This project may be reused to create a future Java project.

How to run the project: Ensure that the folder is downloaded. It should be called surveyTest. It must contain the Java files of createSurvey, mainMenu, premadeSurveys, survey1_1v1, survey2_2v2, survey3_3v3 surveyDriver and surveyInt. There also must be 10 images for each pre-made survey (survey1 images 1 - 10, survey2 images 1 - 10 and survey 3 images 1 - 10). Additionally, there is a flowchart that showcases the planning of the survey project, and a text file explaining instructions on how to run it. There is also an image of a tablet and a thank you message. Once all the files are in the folder, to run the survey, open up the surveyDriver file and initiate the project from there by clicking on the run button, depending on which IDE this project is opened in.

Created by Mel Meneses, Michael Alvarez & Darrel Abubo on November 2023.
